# ArtiSync

ArtiSync is a website focused on the management of articles. It aims to help
researchers manage the articles they read for a specific article.

## Table of Contents

- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Commits](#commits)
  - [Branches](#branches)
  - [PRs](#prs)
- [Scope Specific](#scope-specific)

## Contributing

In order to maintain organization some patterns have been set for the
development process. These patterns include how commit messages should be
structured, naming of branches and pull requests.

### Commits

A commit should have the following structure:

```
tag [scope]: message
```

Where:

- **tag** - indicates the type of commit.
  - _feat_: new feature
  - _fix_: bug fix
  - _refactor_: rewrite/restructure code without changing behavior
  - _perf_: performance-specific commits
  - _style_: formatting, missing semicolons, white space, etc.
  - _test_: adding missing tests, refactoring tests
  - _docs_: changes to documentation, TODOs, and comments
  - _build_: affect build components, e.g. CI pipeline, dependencies, project
    version, etc.
  - _ops_: operational components, e.g. deployment, backup, recovery, etc.
  - _chore_: miscellaneous commits, e.g., modifying .gitignore
  - _merge_: the autogenerated message starting from the _#issue-number_
- **scope** - specifies the area of the codebase affected by the changes
  - client
  - server
  - docs
- **message** - provides a concise summary of the changes using imperative
  verbs.

### Branches

When tackling an issue, create a new branch for the implementation. Follow this
naming convention:

```
/scope/tag/<issue-id>-<short-description>
```

**Tags**:

- feat -> new feature
- fix -> bug fix
- refactor -> refactoring
- test -> test related
- docs -> documentation

### PRs

Pull Requests should be very similar to the commit messages:

```
tag: message
```

The main difference is that there should be no scope, many PRs may involve tasks
from different scopes and including them in the PR name would be too
troublesome. The tags used are the same for PRs and Branches.

**Tags**:

- feat -> new feature
- fix -> bug fix
- refactor -> refactoring
- test -> test related
- docs -> documentation

## Scope Specific

Each of the _scope folders_ has its own README explaining things further. You
should check out those in order to gain a better understanding of the code
structure and design decisions.

- [server](https://github.com/lutzzdias/artisync/tree/main/server)
- [client](https://github.com/lutzzdias/artisync/tree/main/client)
- [docs](https://github.com/lutzzdias/artisync/tree/main/docs)
